I want to take a moment to congratulate
you on your progress so far.
First, you learned about
network operations.
Then, you learned about the tools and
protocols that help
network systems function.
Next, you learned how vulnerabilities in
networks expose them to
various security intrusions.
Now, we'll discuss security hardening.
Then, we'll learn about OS hardening,
explore network hardening practices, and
discuss cloud hardening practices.
Security hardening can be
implemented in devices, networks,
applications, and cloud infrastructure.
Security analysts may perform
tasks, such as patch updates and
backups, as part of security hardening.
We'll discuss these tasks as you
progress through the course.
As a security analyst, hardening will play
a major role in your day-to-day tasks,
which is why it's important for
you to understand how it works.
I'm excited to accompany
you on this journey.
Meet you in the next video.